Hardware/Siboor AWD Trident 350mm/Build.md, before:

# The Build
| Item | Description | Images |
| ---------------  | ------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------|
| [Manta M8p v2](https://github.com/bigtreetech/Manta-M8P) and CM4 prep | I went ahead and flashed new OS image for the CM4 and got all the Klipper, Fluidd, Mainsail, Moonraker, Crowsnest, Spoolman stuff setup with [kiauh](https://github.com/dw-0/kiauh) script | <img alt="Manta M8P Pin out" width=320 src="assets/manta_pinout.png"> <img alt="TMC5160Pro drivers" width=320 src="assets/IMG_0334.JPG"> |
| 2020 Frame | Built the frame on a nice, flat granite counter-top and used blue loc-tite on all the extrusion screws.  Careful to measure diagonals and keep square and measure gantry and ensure parallel to bottom. | <img alt="350mm Frame" width=320 src="assets/IMG_0342.JPG"> |
| Gantry | Construction of the CNC Aluminum mounts and rails as well as the AWD motor system | <img alt="Gantry" width=320 src="assets/IMG_0455.JPG"> <img alt="X-axis Shaper" width=320 src="assets/shaper_calibrate_x.png"> <img alt="Y-axis Shaper" width=320 src="assets/shaper_calibrate_y.png"> |
| Bed | 1000W bed heater and magnetic pad on the 350mm Aluminum block | <img alt="Bed" width=320 src="assets/IMG_0527.JPG"> <img alt="Bed" width=320 src="assets/IMG_0534.JPG"> <img alt="90C Bedmesh" width=320 src="assets/90C_Bedmesh.jpg"> |
| Electronics | Lots of stuff in here.  Started with HV/AC routing, and I wish I could have kept the HV lines in separate channel from LV wiring. Had to redrill/tap most of the holes in the bottom panel to allow the 48v/5v PSUs in addition to the stock 24v PSU | <img alt="Electronics" width=320 src="assets/IMG_0519.JPG"> <img alt="Electronics" width=320 src="assets/IMG_0556.JPG"> <img alt="Electronics" width=320 src="assets/IMG_0581.JPG"> |
| Panels | Door panel construction was very confusing on the orientation for the right fit with the seals, but got it. [Annex-Eng Panel clips](https://github.com/Annex-Engineering/Annex-Engineering_User_Mods/tree/main/Printers/All_Printers/annex_dev-Panel_2020_Clips_and_Hinges) MOD was money and I LOVE the [Clicky-Clacky Fridge door](https://github.com/tanaes/whopping_Voron_mods/tree/main/clickyclacky_door) MOD included in this kit | <img alt="Panels" width=320 src="assets/IMG_0781.JPG"> <img alt="Panels" width=320 src="assets/IMG_0810.JPG"> |
| Misc | Firmware installation of canbus was VERY painful, but mostly because the Manta guide didn't really address it.  [Esoterical Canbus Guide](https://canbus.esoterical.online/) was a HUGE help here. | <img alt="Can0 bus error" width=320 src="assets/mcu_can0_error.jpg"> <img alt="UUID dump" width=320 src="assets/UUID_dump.jpg"> |

Commit message:

Added more test fitting of expanded electronics bay.

Hardware/Siboor AWD Trident 350mm/Build.md, after:

# The Build
| Item | Description | Images |
| ---------------  | ------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------|
| [Manta M8p v2](https://github.com/bigtreetech/Manta-M8P) and CM4 prep | I went ahead and flashed new OS image for the CM4 and got all the Klipper, Fluidd, Mainsail, Moonraker, Crowsnest, Spoolman stuff setup with [kiauh](https://github.com/dw-0/kiauh) script | <img alt="Manta M8P Pin out" width=320 src="assets/manta_pinout.png"> <img alt="TMC5160Pro drivers" width=320 src="assets/IMG_0334.JPG"> |
| 2020 Frame | Built the frame on a nice, flat granite counter-top and used blue loc-tite on all the extrusion screws.  Careful to measure diagonals and keep square and measure gantry and ensure parallel to bottom. | <img alt="350mm Frame" width=320 src="assets/IMG_0342.JPG"> |
| Gantry | Construction of the CNC Aluminum mounts and rails as well as the AWD motor system | <img alt="Gantry" width=320 src="assets/IMG_0455.JPG"> <img alt="X-axis Shaper" width=320 src="assets/shaper_calibrate_x.png"> <img alt="Y-axis Shaper" width=320 src="assets/shaper_calibrate_y.png"> |
| Bed | 1000W bed heater and magnetic pad on the 350mm Aluminum block | <img alt="Bed" width=320 src="assets/IMG_0527.JPG"> <img alt="Bed" width=320 src="assets/IMG_0534.JPG"> <img alt="90C Bedmesh" width=320 src="assets/90C_Bedmesh.jpg"> |
| Electronics | Lots of stuff in here.  Started with HV/AC routing, and I wish I could have kept the HV lines in separate channel from LV wiring. Had to redrill/tap most of the holes in the bottom panel to allow the 48v/5v PSUs in addition to the stock 24v PSU, but the 350mm has extra room to "expand" the floor plan beyond the stock one, which is the SAME on both the 350mm and 300mm kit just to keep it simple for Siboor.  You can see where the test layout of the PSUs were to include the additional 5V and 48V 200W (details on the [MODs page](MODs.md) for those). | <img alt="Electronics" width=320 src="assets/IMG_0506.JPG"> <img alt="Electronics" width=320 src="assets/IMG_0510.JPG"> <img alt="Electronics" width=320 src="assets/IMG_0519.JPG"> <img alt="Electronics" width=320 src="assets/IMG_0556.JPG"> <img alt="Electronics" width=320 src="assets/IMG_0581.JPG"> |
| Panels | Door panel construction was very confusing on the orientation for the right fit with the seals, but got it. [Annex-Eng Panel clips](https://github.com/Annex-Engineering/Annex-Engineering_User_Mods/tree/main/Printers/All_Printers/annex_dev-Panel_2020_Clips_and_Hinges) MOD was money and I LOVE the [Clicky-Clacky Fridge door](https://github.com/tanaes/whopping_Voron_mods/tree/main/clickyclacky_door) MOD included in this kit | <img alt="Panels" width=320 src="assets/IMG_0781.JPG"> <img alt="Panels" width=320 src="assets/IMG_0810.JPG"> |
| Misc | Firmware installation of canbus was VERY painful, but mostly because the Manta guide didn't really address it.  [Esoterical Canbus Guide](https://canbus.esoterical.online/) was a HUGE help here. | <img alt="Can0 bus error" width=320 src="assets/mcu_can0_error.jpg"> <img alt="UUID dump" width=320 src="assets/UUID_dump.jpg"> |
